all right well I've started the
recording I'm not seeing my live
streaming button as I normally do so
worse comes to worst I will post this
one instead of live streaming but I'll
double-check that Wow we start talking
talking about okay ours and Matt do you
want to you want to start with that yeah
sure I mainly just threw this in here
since there's nothing else on the agenda
and I know all the working a lot of the
working groups are working on their own
carriage mounts so we could use this
time to check in about that and I think
that there's sort of a preliminary
presentation happening on Wednesday
we're a bunch of the working groups are
gonna be presenting their ok hours to
each other and then I expect that that
would mean next week next Monday we'll
we'll all present them on this call is
that but that's I don't want to be
inventing things but that's how we've
done it in the past is like once the oak
carrots are done then then all this read
them actually Lydell vital and well know
to be tuned so divvy do you have a plan
look like when the working groups are
going to present the repairs to the
broader community so this time we just
decided to make one presentation or
actually we decided to make one
presentation which is decided to make
the practice participation and an open
one so anyone can join so if they will
happen it's Wednesday
starting at the same time as this call
starts and everyone is invited if you
want to learn what is the plans for next
quarter from all the working groups
there'll be a presentation from each
like 10 minutes plus Q&A there is an
issue when I peek at p.m. I can awake
here to zoom and purcell minutes and
essentially like there anyone that wants
to join I know and listening is very
welcome
until then the okay are should be
already on the ok our spreadsheet so
someone which
take a peek make a comment with a
question feel free to do it after
Wednesday teams can still adjust their
cars they have till October 4th to
adjust especially based on feedback they
might get this Wednesday or throughout
the rest of the week but after October
4th they should be like frozen and good
to go to keep in mind that there are
nurses are also two demos listed I just
figured is anyone who's working on their
OPI do you have things you want to float
on this call that is definitely back
some of these people or is there
anything you stuck on just use this time
to discuss otherwise we can go straight
to the demo
anyone planning anything really big in
there ok they want to tell people about
ok alright well then I think let's go to
the demos mommy I know I know I was
telling myself I needed to unmute myself
first
all right then let's let's jump straight
into demos and looks like um actually
Matt would you mind continue taking
notes there at the demos because you you
did such a god
good job documenting your if you're
checking ok our section so who take that
who took the great notes we can get
these credit something in anonymous Fox
thank you anonymous Fox
I didn't you take him wasn't it
it's always Jenkin so much all right
Jacob thank you so much for always
volunteering to be note-taker it's
phenomenal it's someone else want to
volunteer to be note-taker because we
really appreciate you if we don't want
to give you always this burden awesome
Eric go for it yeah and should no one
speak chicken appreciate it Jacob you
can follow me in the Google Doc and if I
do a bad job just upgrade everyone's
capabilities yeah exactly
all right so first off demos Allen
talking about JSC ID tool hi yeah
let me just share my screen this is
something super small share here we go
where are the buttons so are we all good
we're seeing that yeah cool cool okay so
this is just something small Kyle
originally a while ago requested some
sort of tool for converting ashes and
then Kevin made a kind of pretty good
kind of MVP proposal for that and submit
a pull request and to go ipfs and it it
didn't look like it had a lot of
pushback on it so I went ahead and
created a Jay s version of that which
does pretty much the same thing which
can be integrated into ipfs as well and
it's basically for easing the transition
to base 42 CID version ones just allows
you to kind of convert to basically
allows you to inspect kind of properties
of CID bases allows you to use a format
thing which is basically the well a kind
of core of the existing go CID permit
tool and yeah so let me let me just
demo it's faster than I can
okay forget that cool so you should just
be able to NPM install CID tool foil and
you can do that globally and that will
download you a CID tool pretty quickly
if you're lucky and then you should just
be able to type CID on the command line
and have at your fingertips available
some some commands so if you wanted to
convert from a an old-style base 58
encoded CID you might type code2
and then a old-style CID with a qm in
front of it and it should just print out
the base for your two encoding of that
saying so that's that same CID but
basically to encode it that's kind of
cool and then you can do stuff like list
out the multi base encodings are
available by just typing bases and you
can do you like like you can do help on
any of these commands so you get some
information so I can I can also do
prefix to show the prefixes for these
bases so you see base 42 should start
with B and it does which is great so CID
so yes so I can look at the CIE codec
names list amount which is kind of fun
and then yeah what else so and then also
that the like the names of the hashing
algorithms for so your multi hash and
just list them out there and then again
I can do like help for any of these and
I can type they can get their numeric
code
print it out as well so yeah this is
just all sort of information but the
kind of the fun the fun bit about it is
like the CID format command which is
like allows you to format a CID in like
it allows you to pick
bits of the CID that are encoded within
it but also allows you to print it out
in a different base or a different
version so if I type help then I can get
like the list of format specifiers that
I can use in my format string but I can
also change the version change the base
so I have an example so this is a base a
base64 encoded CID I've got here so if I
put CID for mana and then I paste this
guy in and say well my format string is
going to be something like well what
would I like to pick out with this I can
pick out the multi base name so person B
the CID that's the CID version and for
that I need person V and then the shall
we print out the multi hashing name
which is % h and then should just get
out something looks like this so like I
said that as the base64 encoded CID is a
version 1 CID encoded with or hashed
with the sha-256 hashing algorithm so
fun times and then you can do so with
that you can do stuff like okay I want
to print out that CID but actually I
want to encode it with base base 32 so a
base base for you two
so that should print out a Buffy for me
by that so this is correct this is kind
of cool that it's kind of also a sits
down it's a standalone kind of tool that
you can use but because it's using the
same kind of CLI args processor as ipfs
dars it's really trivial to just include
it in ipfs as well so eventually you'll
be able to do like ipfs cid and then
like base for you too
oh yeah so what I didn't say was base
cou base for you is basically a kind of
shortcut for for that
and that's about all I have to say it's
just something simple and easy and it
should add the adoption of face value to
you and help people with it if we're
lucky if you have any questions then go
wild and ask me now
are there any any hands for questions
oh right very awesome this is super cool
thank you so much lots of thumbs up
alright Lydell do you want to go next
demoing ipfs translation project yeah so
I could share my screen it's like a
final update on this ongoing effort so
yeah so apart from having a ipfs
organization on transifex we now have a
translation project repository on github
with some basic documentation best
practices some steps how to add the
translation to your existing project
some notes on transifex itself reference
to the most important parts of
documentation because like transifex has
a very extensive Docs and not everything
is relevant that much so that's like a
closing note if you want to add your
project you can get familiar with those
steps and then request adding your
project to transifex using issues on
this wrapper and then you will land here
eventually and that's that so if there
are any questions I can answer them any
questions how many how many people's
repos are already set up with with the
translation and are starting to get
translations in we've got like a four or
five projects and we have about 50
translators for about 20 languages
and yeah like the translation community
is growing so I'm very excited that's
awesome
Joey enter which is have you seen like
an increase or a synced increase in
people showing up to offer to translate
like are these 50 translators post this
project or were they already Wow I can I
can like quickly share companion you
know at some point we have to invent
more languages so that mystic again yeah
it's great and basically access to
reports right so ignore me but people
right before are actively translating
and we should we should mention them in
like newsletter and stuff like that
because your native language and when
you insta like companion or like with me
what you are and stuff like that I love
this I think we should like do a blog
post just to announcer like this is
happening like now that it's an option
and also it's happening and that
everyone is being super cool about like
having their own language yeah yeah
awesome work
alright um are there any other topics
that people would like to discuss today
and something that I think we normally
do at the beginning but does anyone else
new and wants to introduce themselves to
the rest of the community or you know
new newish
all right thought I'd ask all right any
any other things otherwise looks like
we're gonna get a little bit of time
back um I think one of the things I'll
propose to the to future dev calls that
are gonna happen later later today is
that we do spend a time actually looking
at the q3 and q4 spreadsheets as a group
and it could be really useful to one
have us all be able to respond to that
synchronously and to kind of helps us
drive oh my goodness we actually need to
grade this thing I need input from these
three different people let's do that
really quickly so definitely especially
on the go side folks this is your half
hour to to check in on all of those
various go okay ours and and give
yourself a grade for them and if you
need to think someone ping someone and
let's let's get them graded awesome well
thank you so much um we'll see you again
in a week and I'm going to stick this
recording online since live-streaming
foiled us again we'll do our best
I'll try and diagnose what went wrong I
see everything green on my side so I'll
ping daveed with questions all right
then thank you and have a great week
everyone see you all on various okay our
calls